First Backup Sync Implementation (#115)
nemtech/symbol-bootstrap: CHANGELOG.md

---|---|---
Symbol Bootstrap | v0.4.1 | [symbol-bootstrap](https://www.npmjs.com/package/symbol-bootstrap)

- Added `--backupSync` to `config` and `start` commands. It downloads a backup with the Mongo and RocksDb databases for faster synchronization.

> - Added `backup` command. The command backups the Mongo and RocksDb data folder into a Zip file that can be used for `--backupSync` feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added `backup` command. The command backs up the Mongo and RocksDb data folder into a Zip file that can then be used by the `--backupSync` feature.
```
